## 1b. Super 512 Queens problem
#### General Idea

#### Population Design
Each individual (board) in a generation is represented as a list, its index indicates the column of of the board and its value the row of the queen. When first generating a board, we ensure each value (row) is unique, so no vertical and horizontal queen conflicts are able to occur and never have to be checked.
#### Fitness Evaluation
Each individual gets assigned a fitness score directly after a generation is created. The formula for our fitness is: QUEEN_AMOUNT - amount_of_conflicts. QUEEN_AMOUNT is the fixed value 512 for this problem and we calculate the conflicts by combining the sets of diagonal and knight conflicts. Diagonal conflicts just use an array to represent a diagonal and check if another queen occupies the same diagonal, Knight conflicts are calculated by looping over the entire board and testing if another queen occupies a square that is reachable with a knight move. We added a termination condition if fitness == QUEEN_AMOUNT. If this is the case, the problem is solved.
#### Selection
To create a new generation we decided to use elitism to preserve the top 10% of the current generation and only use these boards as parents for the crossover function to speed up our algorithm. The parents are chosen among these boards by the probability of fitness/total_fitness.
#### Crossover
The remaining 90% are created using crossover. In our algorithm the child is generated by copying a segment of parent 1 with randomly generated indices into the child and then filling the rest with the values of parent 2 in order and skipping the values (rows) that are already stored in the child, so that no horizontal conflicts get introduced.
#### Mutation

